welcome everyone today i want to tell
to you about such interesting knives which me
got on review here
my good, very good friend
tell a friend and he will get a gift
girls apparently girl initially
heard found talk knives did it
he has a gift from such a ring which
shipped so pretty solid
metal box
the knife itself is an instruction where it is shown
tell options are recorded
filling
knife which may vary
depending on the model
Phillips screwdrivers and scissors
further pretty decent sizes
knife 12 inches handle length two s
about half a centimeter thick
such a massive plastic itself
the handle has such rubberized
inserts that are also concave
Apparently this all improves the retention of the knife
In general, I think that this is very wise.
the girl made a gift because the knives
Victorix wenger seems to me that such
on jean especially not small and small
very nice nice big ones like that
more such a gift such a knife which
will be happy to push any level this
novice person who is keen on
starts to get involved in knives or is it already
advanced pressure seems to me such
the knife will not leave anyone indifferent
so the girl seems very wise to me
Received to make such a gift
but back to our subject means
there is the possibility of one-handed
opening the blade secure lock
what is it called they have that is just
so we do not close the blade, I understand that
This very many already know but
there will definitely be a person who
I know so I mentioned it there for
order to close the blade we need
click on this button
the liner there bend that is the liner
this knife
the liner bends down then we close
if we do n't click we won't close
blade blade length of 9 quite a centimeter
cutting edge about a centimeter
less then there is a good 8 centimeters
here for.
given the fact that they have something to cut
products what is this
everything is more dense in this respect
not bad
what else do we have here no further
said that there is a small
vertical backlash at the blade
but it is one-sided what sense is your backlash
will feel if you try
blade push down push down and eat
backlash
but if you will pull him up captive
who has no backlash or feel what it means
it means that if you will something
then blade the blade with a knife
the blade will try to go up and you
absolutely when planing absolutely not
feel no play is such a
the trick is whether there are 2 breasts there but
felt when working he is not at all
will mean here we still have
Of course, where without them 2 bottle openers
bottle opener
she's a screwdriver she's crimped for wire
can opener
and very sharp so sharpened very
decent and to be inaccurate then
you can easily cut this
a small blade like that
what
bottle openers have only one position
fixed that is like from small
quizzes and when opened glasses
to the floor my blade is also fixed in
two positions like this in this
position at 90 degrees there is a fixation
intermediate and fixing the same when
opener fully opened here
fixing is only in this position
intermediate fixation is not here further
we have such a saw here I did not measure
her long well she is definitely longer than the blade i
at home that not less than ten centimeters
so very lucky so sharp and here I am
2 little things I noticed that in
general can be completely unnoticed
say if not look closely but on
really very well so facilitate
not that making it easier does the job
Saw more comfortable and say so
general appeal spylog first here
this loop which on the blade is yes she
plays the role of guard for the saw first
If you saw something that it protects against
unauthorized collision with
some material that you will
clean secondly from this side she
just playing the role of limiter then
there is simply you did not commit too much
movement of some kind and in the closed state
saw a little bit in favor of the handle to
we could comfortably pull it out because
what should this be done because she
all the same very much recessed in the handle
even if she was not drowned if
there was such a cut under the nail because
that the pilate is rather long
both are uncomfortable with the nail there pick it up
but for this ledge it is very convenient to do it
small rather big just doing
just enough to be comfortable
pick up and open on this side all
the opposite side of us all simpler
corkscrew and sewed off the very tuba I lived with
holes and also pretty sharp well here
perhaps all with this knife
the knife is very nice as I have repeatedly
spoke and i've seen eyes burn
my friend when he holds his hands
he already had Chinese knives before
but it was also prohodnyak islands and such
until chinese but that's when he keeps in
hands this knife I see how it all
like how it opens closes
the blade clicks the knife i imagine to
with him was if the port in hand turned out
military whether flipper some I mean
I see that this is a human disease knives
mans rooted and our
progress is due to the fact
knives and and sure that they will be still on
I am only happy for him in this regard
and generally think that God forbid everyone
pushing a girlfriend girlfriend if
of course there is no pressure on wife or
thank you all for your attention big
thanks to those who watched to the end
and see you soon